I missed a video I thought today I just
get it over with just get the punishment
done just just be done with it but then
I read all the comments they're all like
take a paintball in the nipple and and
eat dog poop and so today I can't
believe I'm doing this today I'm doing
seven hours of sources garden I'm just
gonna do it until I feel like killing
myself blah blah blah you can be started
with talking to all sman is this all
stays you are ultimate c'mere Altman hi
my name is Altman can I assist you you
don't seem very tough I've got to
strength how do I do it this is a safe
minigame blah blah blah I don't freaking
care gosh dang it out to do a quest red
berry pie that sounds freaking delicious
oh it's so good Oh Oh delicious oh well
I'm fat nude bucket of water I'll
freaking pay a meal for bucking water
blah blah blah I don't freaking care
what you're talking about hello Layla
how you doing girl ah do you are looking
good if I could see your face I bet it
was hot are you Aggie are you Aggie no
you're Morgan Freeman Morgan Freeman the
man with the voice are you Morgan your
Potter you're a Harry Potter all these
all these famous people what kind of wig
is this look like a shirt I don't wear
shirts on my head as wigs oh yes it
completed oh it's great this is the
reason I do quests for squeal of fortune
tickets a sympathetic ear can wander I
sound like an old man oh here you go hey
I'm going I'm going sausage garden oh
yes oh oh no bots here there's no bots
here that's the first time ever get yep
that's right freakin spring elemental
think you're so cool cuz you can see
things dang it aah dang it this is gonna
be very very long seven hours alright
run over here dang it wait wait wait
wait Wilma take dang it freakin don't
look at me just close your eyes close
your eyes close your eyes good good
witch or whatever you are good floating
red person don't turn around don't you
see me oh oh yes get up get away from me
hold the crap no no Nicole go me your
dick
hey check it oh dang it I'm hopping to a
world to find bonds that's pretty sad
world to seems like a very bottas place
people bought in world too let's find
out hey but ok gotta follow him where
are you going where'd it going bot oh
you're better than I am look at that
freakin pro no but how are you so good
at this game you've been programmed to
be good at this game that's why ok now
go now go now go no go dang it I can't
even beat a bot I'm terrible ok stay
here stay here oh say here see her ok
we're going out where we're going where
we going bot oh my goodness no no no no
no no dang it oh I splash you and then I
got teleported you know you suck at this
game when you have to learn everything
from bots oh I'm with the freakin tree I
want this squeaker accurate tree see
that's another one there's Oh what do we
name it it's a it's a guilt gut
driveshaft tree shouldn't see she turns
then I go right and then I go now oh no
I'm not gonna make it I'm not gonna make
it good I mean what what oh my goodness
yes I mean I got the fruit 60 I got 60
XP I spent like eight years to get that
oh my goodness go don't catch me I
swimmin ice woman ice woman dang it
don't look at me don't free frickin talk
about luck holy crap holy crap holy crap
ha ha ha ha reg you don't know no no go
away go away go away go away away you
didn't see me you didn't see me no no
you didn't seem either dang it dang it
you are unfair this game is unfair I
quit freaking quick are you okay headset
my headset is interfaces that's what
source which garden does to a man will
miss it did it in two minutes and four
seconds it's been freaking two hours and
only have two of them done yes come on
come on come on come on get it get it
yes I did it so yes one more to go it's
only been three hours but but teach me
your ways teach me your ways of the
sources garden please I need your help I
don't know where to go I'm scared oh I'm
scared I can I go there is that it is it
a possible hiding place hide me please
hide me yes
and okay and get to their run run run
run run run run run run run faster run
faster agility agility okay okay just a
little bit more just gotta get here just
pick the fruit off the tree come on I
can do this I got this I got it I got it
I got it again I got okay yes I did it
yes I have all I got him off oh it's
been three hours i started this at
twelve o'clock and it's now 330 del
monte I did it hey kitty hey hiss I knew
she was gonna hiss at me brick and cat
take my fruit you want some fruit cat
that I worked for three hours to get
here take my fruit how about a water
balloon he won't be you want a water
balloon have you choke on it and die
victory lap going AFK oh what happened
oh FK horses garden i think yes checked
off of my to-do list for today what do i
do give someone these and it gives me
jodi XP or something I'll take it good i
should squeeze should I squeeze the
fruit oh I want your fruit all here to
actually some fruit no thank you now I
want you to squeeze it into a glass hey
hey can I give you back massage while
I'm at it freakin needy piece of poop I
need to get to the GE just come on
computer you could do it I got a beggar
follow me asking for money all these
freaking Dicers come on computer come on
just just a little further are you
serious I have more of these fruits to
get XP you need two fruits up you need
55 screw this well I just wasted three
hours of my life so I'm gonna go and cry
a bit and i'll see you next time